docs: add frontmatter to `getting-started` pages (#23071)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/getting-started/local-network.mdx

---
title: Connect to a Local Network

> description: Connect to a Sui local network using the Sui CLI. Local networks are used to test your applications and prepare for launching them on the Devnet or Testnet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Connect to a Sui local network using the Sui CLI. Use local networks to test your applications and prepare for launching them on the Devnet or Testnet. 
```
Active voice rec
